TF-11711-update workspace version setting doc (#524)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/index.mdx

### Terraform Version

> The Terraform version to use for all operations in the workspace. The default value is whichever release was current when the workspace was created. The workspace Terraform version can be updated to an exact version or a valid [version constraint](/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints).

Reviewer: Small tweaks for active voice:
```suggestion
The Terraform version to use for all operations in the workspace. The default value is whichever release was current when Terraform Cloud created the workspace. You can also update a workspace's Terraform version to an exact version or a valid [version constraint](/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints).
```

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Upgrade Terraform Version in Terraform Cloud](/terraform/tutorials/cloud/cloud-versions) tutorial.

> -> **API:** You can specify a Terraform version when [creating a workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#create-a-workspace) via the API.

Reviewer: Small suggestion for active voice:
```suggestion
-> **API:** You can specify a Terraform version when you [create a workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#create-a-workspace) with the API.
```
